 
New: Submit Form 4547, Trump Account Election(s)

You can submit a Trump Account election with Form 4547 and check your election status in your account.

Access your individual account information including balance, payments, tax records and more.

Sign in or create account

If you're a new user, have your photo identification ready. More information about identity verification is available on the sign-in page.

Access tax records
View key tax return information, including your adjusted gross income, and access transcripts or tax compliance report
Check the status of your refund or amended return
View digital notices from the IRS
View your audit status (currently available for certain audits conducted by mail)
View available information return documents, such as Forms W-2 and certain 1099s
Make and view payments
Make a same-day payment or schedule payments up to 365 days in advance from your bank account
You can cancel payments before their scheduled date
You can also make a guest payment without logging in or by debit/credit card
View up to 5 years of payment history, including your estimated tax payments
View pending and scheduled payments
View or create payment plans
Learn about payment plan options and apply for a new payment plan
View and revise details of your existing payment plan
Create a payment plan for the amount you expect to owe in the current tax year
View your balance
View balances owed to the IRS by tax year
Submit forms
Complete, sign and submit select IRS forms
Submit Form 4547, Trump Account Election(s), and view status 
Manage profile
Go paperless for certain IRS notices
Get email notifications for new account information or activity
Get an Identity Protection PIN (IP PIN)
View authorizations
View authorization requests from lenders
Approve and electronically sign Power of Attorney and Tax Information Authorization from your tax professional
Accessibility

There are compatibility issues with some assistive technologies. Refer to the accessibility guide for help if you use a screen reader, screen magnifier or voice command software.

Other ways to find your account information
You can request an account transcript by mail. Note that each account transcript only covers a single tax year, and may not show the most recent penalties, interest, changes or pending actions.
If you're a business, or an individual who filed a form other than 1040, you can obtain a transcript by submitting Form 4506-T, Request for Transcript of Tax Return.
Find more assistance.
Related
Online account for individuals – Frequently asked questions
Independent Office of Appeals
Topic no. 653, IRS notices and bills, penalties and interest charges
Need to pay?

See your payment options.

What if I can’t pay?

Check if you can settle your debt for less than you owe with an offer in compromise.

What if I don't pay?

We can take certain actions to collect your unpaid taxes.

Learn about tax collection & your rights